= Ext MVC

EXT MVC is a complete MVC stack on top of Ext JS (http://extjs.com).

== Base App

You are advised to use the base app to get up and running with Ext MVC as it sets everything up for you.

If you're comfortable with git:

1. git clone git://github.com/extmvc/baseapp.git myapp
2. cd myapp
3. rm -rf .git/
4. git init

If not:

1. Download the latest zip file from Github at http://github.com/extmvc/baseapp/zipball/master and unzip.

== Getting started

Read the readme file inside the base app and refer to http://extmvc.com

== Building

Ext MVC comes with a set of build tools for itself and your applications, written in Ruby.  You need to be using
the Baseapp or a structure similar to it for these to work effectively.

=== Building your Ext MVC application

Build any app started from the base app by running this from the app's root directory:

ruby script/build all

This will examine the contents of index.html, pull out all of the javascript includes and concatenate them into
public/application-all.js.  If you have the yui-compressor in your vendor directory (this is included by default)
and you have java installed, the build process will also minify your application-all.js into application-all-min.js.

Building your app also concatenates any CSS includes in index.html into public/application-all.css.

*NOTE*: Building looks at your index.html, NOT public/index.html.  index.html is your development version, 
public/index.html should simply include those concatenated/minified files.

=== Autobuild

If you need your app to be built every time you change any of the source files for whatever reason, use:

ruby script/build auto

This will again look at index.html and will force a rebuild any time any of those files are changed.

=== Other app build options

There are several other build commands, most of which are used by the two above:

- ruby script/build css            - only build CSS files, no JS concatenation or minification
- ruby script/build js             - only builds JS files, not CSS
- ruby script/build concatenate_js - concatenates but does not attempt to minify your JS
- ruby script/build minify_js      - minifies an already concatenated public/application-all.js file

=== Building Ext MVC

If you are changing Ext MVC files and need to build Ext MVC itself, use:

- ruby script/build mvc
- ruby script/build mvc_auto

Again run from the app root directory.  Like with ruby script/build auto, mvc_auto automatically rebuilds whenever
any Ext MVC file is changed.